Update environment-setup.md (#3762)
Seneca-CDOT/telescope: src/web/docusaurus/docs/getting-started/environment-setup.md

There are different ways to run the application. By default, [env.development](https://github.com/Seneca-CDOT/telescope/blob/master/config/env.development) will be used. Please read the use cases below to find out what configuration you need to make for different scenarios.

> :::caution Important

Reviewer: Does this work in GitHub?

Author: Yea I just checked it's not visible in Markdown do you want me to change it to something else?

> You do not need to modify any of the config files configs for them to run. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not need to modify any of the config files for them to run. 
```

> pnpm services:start

Reviewer 2: Like @Genne23v said, hopefully it's the last change :))
```suggestion
pnpm services:start parser 
```

Reviewer 3: I don't think this is a good idea. This section (Option 1) is about running telescope locally, the whole app. To run mocriservices individually, we have section 4, which already mentions how to run just one service, chech [here](https://telescope.cdot.systems/docs/getting-started/environment-setup#option-4-run-microservices-individually).

I think what @Genne23v  meant is the mistake in the last line of this section:
> update `pnpm:services start parser` to `pnpm services:start parser`

`db:seed` is responsible to populate the database with an initial set of data.
:::

Stop the `parser` service running. Make sure to stop the `parser` container before continuing to the next step by either using

Docker Desktop app:

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58532267/202260945-30cc22f1-a634-4d4c-9d21-55824fd6bb5a.png)

Reviewer 2: Let's add this image to `static` folder like https://github.com/Seneca-CDOT/telescope/blob/30731846b8c85ec6f8b5af64f635a8e738e60402/src/web/docusaurus/docs/architecture.md?plain=1#L13

Docker CLI: `docker stop <container-id>` (e.g, `15649f07c6bf` in above picture)

Switch to app's `.env` by `cp ./config/env.development ./.env` (you changed `.env` previously to seed database).

> Finally, restart the `parser` container by running `pnpm:services start parser`.

Reviewer 3: For the CLI part, we should decide if we go with `pnpm` scripts or `docker` commands (I vote for `docker` commands). I'm mentioning this because, for stopping the `parser` container, we're recommending  to use a `docker` command (btw, should we mention where to find container ids?), but then for restarting `parser` we have a `pnpm` script.

Also, I don't think we need to copy `config/env.development` to `.env` since the `docker` command to run telescope already includes the proper `env`file:
```sh
 docker-compose --env-file config/env.development up --build -d
```

Author: I added the command to find all docker containers `docker container ls -a`. 

I still need to figure out which command we should go for I think 
`docker-compose --env-file config/env.development up --build -d`
requires less copy and pasting and is easier to run which config you want but didn't want more opinions on if i should replace the pnpm commands.

Reviewer 2: @P-DR0ZD you can add the `docker-compose` command as an alternative to `pnpm services:start`

`db:seed` is responsible to populate the database with an initial set of data.
:::

> Stop the `parser` service running. Make sure to stop the `parser` container before continuing to the next step by either using

Reviewer 2: We can remove this line, @manekenpix explained it above
```suggestion
```

Docker Desktop app:
![Original Telescope architecture](../static/img/initialProjectDiagram.png)

Docker CLI: `docker stop <container-id>` (e.g, `15649f07c6bf` in above picture)

> To find container-id: `docker container ls -a` This will return all the docker containers, STATUS, and their PORTS

Reviewer 2: Nit: change `docker container ls -a` to `docker ps` as `ps` is more common

> Switch to app's `.env` by `cp ./config/env.development ./.env` (you changed `.env` previously to seed database).

Reviewer 2: We can remove this line, @manekenpix explained it well, development's `.env` is already built in docker containers

`db:seed` is responsible to populate the database with an initial set of data.
:::

Docker Desktop app:
![Image](../static/img/initialProjectDiagram.png)

Docker CLI: `docker stop <container-id>` (e.g, `15649f07c6bf` in above picture)

To find container-id: `docker ps -a` This will return all the docker containers, STATUS, and their PORTS

> Finally, restart the `parser` container by running `pnpm:services start parser`.

Reviewer 4: @TueeNguyen Sorry that I wasn't clear. I meant for this line. `pnpm:services start parser` should be `pnpm services:start parser`.

Reviewer 2: Aaah, thanks for correcting

Reviewer 5: @Genne23v @TueeNguyen Oops, that's an unintentional typo I made in the docs. Sorry. 🙈

`db:seed` is responsible to populate the database with an initial set of data.
:::

Docker Desktop app:

> ![Original Telescope architecture](../static/img/initialProjectDiagram.png)

Reviewer 3: Is this supposed to display the image or is it just a link?
If it's a link, I don't think we want to use the text "Original Telescope architecture" for it.

Author: So I should change it back to Image?

Author: Ok ill change that

Docker CLI: `docker stop <container-id>` (e.g, `15649f07c6bf` in above picture)

> To find container-id: `docker container ps -a` This will return all the docker containers, STATUS, and their PORTS

Reviewer 3: I think what @TueeNguyen  meant here is that the command should simply be:

```sh
docker ps
```

> Switch to app's `.env` by `cp ./config/env.development ./.env` (you changed `.env` previously to seed database).

Reviewer 3: We don't need this.

Alternatively, you can set up an AWS Cloud9 IDE environment if none of the above worked for you. Please see our [AWS Cloud9 IDE Setup documentation](../getting-started/aws-cloud9.md) for more information.

:::

### No Posts after Running

> If you have no posts after running make sure That you properly seeded the database and ran the start script. You do not need to modify any of the config files This includes modifying the Postgress URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have no posts after starting the services, make sure that you properly seeded the database and ran the `start` script. You do not need to modify any of the config files or modify the Postgres URL.
```
